IV Value (#84)
suit-wg/suit-firmware-encryption: draft-ietf-suit-firmware-encryption.md

measured in KiB, necessitating the decryption of multiple AES blocks to complete the
decryption of an entire sector.

To offer a specific example, let us assume the slot size of a specific flash controller
on an IoT device is 64 KiB, the sector size 4096 bytes (4 KiB) and an AES plaintext block
size of 16 bytes. The counter values used with AES-CTR range from IV+0 to IV+255 in the

> first sector, and 16 * 256 IVs are required for the remaining sectors in the slot. This

Author: ```suggestion
first sector, and 16 * 256 counter values are required for the slot. This

```
